Update readme and small cleanup (#50)
fastuuid/fastuuid: README.rst

Run them yourself to verify.

Contributing
============

We are running tests and build's for all target python versions for every PR.

> Updating version number is in `Cargo.toml` file. 

Reviewer: Should this be?

```suggestion
The version number is stored in the `Cargo.toml` file. 
```
